# Reflection, Milestone 4

#### Overall Impression

We feel we have made a solid, functional first dashboard. There are still significant improvements to be made both in the structuring of our backend/ reactivity, as well as added improvements. Nevertheless, we feel we delivered adequately on our original somewhat ambitious goal. 

#### Improvements to be Made
Specifically, the reactivity structure of our dashboard could still be improved. This owes to our original construction, as in week 2 we did not have sufficient understanding of reactivity to implement an optimized solution. Our dashboard relies on the user to click a button to plot the current settings and inputs, but our TA and some peers suggested that this would be better if it was continually plotted. We originally did not do this because of the multifaceted/ conditional nature of our inputs (two primary input interfaces, one of which has two mutually exclusive versions that the user must choose between), and it was easiest to reactively plot based on a button, rather than through continuous reactivity to all possible inputs. We feel we do understand how to do this now, but implementing in the current version would require a full overhaul of our reactive codebase. While we could have implemented this as an improvement in M4, we decided not to due to work/time constraints in both the overall MDS program and the milestone itself, and the potential for this level of overhaul to completely break the app. Instead, we focused on improvements to the current working structure. However, going forward, we feel we have a better understanding of reactivity and will be able to make better reactive decisions when building apps from the ground up in the future. 

We also had some issues getting the Download Report button to work on the remote deployment, even with support from Florencia. This is a known issue and will require more investigation and work in the future. For now, we have still included this feature as it should still work on a locally deployed version of the app.

#### User Feedback
Overall, most of the feedback we received highlighted that our dashboard was functional, though somewhat frustrating/ non-intuitive to use.  We hope we have made some improvements to this in M4 with improvements to layout structure, labelling, and documentation, but we recognize that this does again partially owe to our reactive structure, and it may have been better to have continuous rendering of plots, and possibly also to reduce our scope and use only a single input mode (sliders or manual input). This was partially implemented in M2 as intentionally increased complexity for the sake of our learning, but the app may be more intuitive to use without making users choose the input type of their targets.
